docs: add multipath configuration (#886)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.4/install/external-disk-support.md

  additionalKernelArguments: "rd.iscsi.firmware vlan=enp4s0f0.2017:enp4s0f0 ip=10.115.48.10::10.115.55.254:255.255.248.0::enp4s0f0.2017:none"
``` 

> :::warning
> 
> The `multiPathConfig` structure has changed since v1.7.0. Check the [latest configuration](/v1.7/install/harvester-configuration#osexternalstorageconfig) to set up your multipath configuration for fresh installations. This change will not impact upgrades.
> 
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info important

The multiPathConfig structure changed starting in v1.7.0. While this change does not affect upgrades, you must review the `os.externalStorageConfig`(/v1.7/install/harvester-configuration#osexternalstorageconfig) documentation before performing a fresh installation of v1.7.0 or later versions.

:::
```

Reviewer: I used "Important" because we are informing users about a change in another version. Users of this version are not affected even if they upgrade.

> The multiPathConfig structure changed starting in v1.7.0. While this change does not affect upgrades, you must review the `os.externalStorageConfig`(/v1.7/install/harvester-configuration#osexternalstorageconfig) documentation before performing a fresh installation of v1.7.0 or later versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multiPathConfig structure changed starting in v1.7.0. While this change does not affect upgrades, you must review the [`os.externalStorageConfig`](/v1.7/install/harvester-configuration#osexternalstorageconfig) documentation before performing a fresh installation of v1.7.0 or later versions.
```
